Catch up on global daily news
Dive into compelling long reads
Tune into engaging conversations
Watch engaging short films
Gain insights from experts
Curated news, direct to your inbox
Unlimited digital access to all reporting, podcasts, newsletters and events
 MAGAlomania  
The president and reality are drifting apart  
 Leaders
But do the clothes fit?
 By Invitation
Donald Trump has shattered the principles on which the Western alliance rested, argues the former French president
Syria’s new president is a chameleon. Is that enough to rule the Middle East’s most volatile country?
America’s economy added 151,000 jobs in February, missing forecasts of 160,000...
Donald Tusk, Poland’s prime minister, said the country will expand its army to 500,000 troops and provide military training to all adult men...
At least 18 people were wounded in a Russian attack on Ukraine, officials said...
Three Bulgarians were convicted in London of spying for Russia. Prosecutors said they were controlled by Jan Marsalek, the fugitive former chief operating officer of Wirecard, a fintech darling turned Germany’s biggest post-war corporate scandal, on behalf of Russia...
As the Liberals choose a leader, American aggression vaults them into contention 
Do they really?
They are snapping up staff and sites from ailing firms 
“High protein” is the new “low calorie”
 The Intelligence
 Archive 1945
 Donald Trump’s first 100 days
 Plot Twist
Trump suspends military aid to Ukraine, Merz starts strong—and more
Trump imposes tariffs, the ECB cuts rates—and more
On America and Europe, artificial intelligence, building development, Japan, book blurbs, the penny
A lighter look at this week’s events
America is set to spend more—and differently 
A summit in London is stalked by the fear America will walk away
Worries that it could rock allies’ financial systems are overdone, says Britain’s former leader
No, Donald Trump’s Putin-wooing is not like Nixon going to China 
Follow our election poll tracker
Polls suggest the city still loves a rogue
That opens the door to abuse
In Sierra Leone, adjusting to a warmer climate is getting harder
Our glass-ceiling index measures the role and influence of women in the workforce
Safe-haven demand and solar panels have sent its price soaring
Another bulging postbag for Max Flannel
Its curtailment is the price of an IMF bail-out. And one worth paying 
His address to Congress showed that Republicans will follow their leader anywhere, and that Democrats don’t have one
Some proposed cuts to Medicaid could mean 20m lose their health insurance
Mark Greenblatt on the dangers America will face if oversight officials lose their independence
The campaigner has battled race-conscious policy for decades. Now his time has come
Ida Emilie Steinmark explores whether it can deliver on its promise
 Dateline history quiz
 Mini crossword
 Pint-sized news quiz
Gardening metaphors are out. Other things are very much in
Don’t break the bank
It can iron out glitches in the rules before they go on the market
But the clock is ticking on the character’s copyright
Britain’s leader has found purpose abroad
The incoming chancellor signals massive increases in defence and infrastructure spending
Without a reprieve, the country will become a failed state
Donors should focus on what works. Much aid currently does not 
To enhance your experience and ensure our website runs smoothly, we use cookies and similar technologies.
Registered in England and Wales. No. 236383 | Registered office: The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT | VAT Reg No: GB 340 436 876
© The Economist Newspaper Limited 2025

Essential data to guide decisions, monitor progress, and evaluate impact.
See More Data
Explore by focus area
People
Prosperity
Planet
Infrastructure
Digital
Transforming KnowledgeTransforming Lives
Capacity development and training for next-generation leaders
Explore the Knowledge Academy
Search More Courses
Explore by region
Africa
East Asia & Pacific
Europe & Central Asia
Latin America & Caribbean
Middle East & North Africa
South Asia
Tracking our projects and results is a cornerstone of our work to become more transparent, accountable, and deliver impact that changes lives.