Renewables in New South Wales are set to soar, with the Federal Government approving three major wind projects in New South Wales that have the potential to generate up to 2404MW of clean energy.  Federal Minister for the Environment and...
Effective project management lies at the heart of the energy sector’s continued success. Whether it’s a new development or an upgrade to an existing asset, complex systems, tight deadlines and strict regulations are the norm for projects in the energy...
More than $46 million is available under round two of the Australian Renewable Energy Agency’s (ARENA) Community Batteries Funding Program.  Building on the success of round one, the program aims to deploy community batteries across Australia to lower energy bills,...
 © 2025 All Rights Reserved. All content published on this site is the property of Prime Creative Media. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited 
© 2025 All Rights Reserved. All content published on this site is the property of Prime Creative Media. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited

One thing electric vehicle proponents have long argued is that, due to EVs requiring many fewer parts, they should need service much less, be more reliable, and cost less to maintain. A new study from J.D. Power, the J.D. Power 2025 U.S. Vehicle Dependability StudySM (VDS), surprisingly, finds full electrics   … [continued]
Founded in 1947 in Belgium, Van Hool was a storied name in bus and coach manufacturing, known for producing a range of vehicles spanning diesel, hybrid, battery-electric, and hydrogen fuel-cell models. For decades, it supplied public and private transport fleets across Europe and beyond, cementing its reputation as an innovative   … [continued]
Green hydrogen is front and center as Europe locks down local energy resources in an effort to separate itself from Russia’s fossil fuel economy.
Our own King Wordsmith Steve Hanley wrote a story yesterday about how upcoming changes to the European New Car Assessment Program (NCAP) will require physical controls, not touchscreen controls, for 5 key functions of a car — using the horn, operating the windshield wipers, activating turn signals, engaging the emergency   … [continued]
The February auto market saw plugin EVs take 96.2% share in Norway, up from 92.1% year on year. BEVs continue to squeeze out other powertrains, though diesels and HEVs are now outperforming PHEVs. Overall auto volume was 8,949 units, an increase of 21% YoY. The best-selling BEV in February was   … [continued]
Tesla has started offering its end-of-quarter incentives to stimulate more demand, at the beginning of March. It feels a bit early to be pushing these out, but it has been similar in recent quarters. I received an email today that Tesla Cybertruck financing is at its lowest to date. They’ve   … [continued]
As a continuation to Types Of Power Converters In A PV System (yes, published 11 years ago), let’s discuss the power converters relevant to residential solar application. Aside from this power converter, one might need to consider available roof space, number of facets (which depend on the type of house),   … [continued]
Getting rid of NEPA will take more than an executive order, it will take an act of Congress. Press releases and tantrums won’t do it. 
We’ve reported on Tesla sales dropping in China, in Europe, and in the US recently, but now we have data out of Australia, and it shows Tesla crashing hard there. Reportedly, Tesla sales dropped 72% in Australia last month. In the US and Europe, one of the most common explanations   … [continued]
Recently I published a simple debunker for many of the hydrogen for energy claims that perpetuate the hype, Cranky Stepdad vs Hydrogen for Energy: How to Respond to Enthusiasts. In the style of John Cook’s Cranky Uncle vs Climate Change — illustrative cartoons and colorful analogies illustrating the debunk —   … [continued]